refactor: bug report template (#2425)
jazzband/pip-tools: changelog.d/+3148a12a.contrib.md

> refactor: updated the bug report template for better reporting.

Reviewer: I thought when we were working together you had the byline in this, but now it's gone...? Maybe you forgot to commit it?

I suggest also combining `refactor: updated ...` to `Refactored ...`.

As a whole:

```suggestion
Refactored the bug report template for better reporting -- by {user}`psthindal`.
```

Author: Ahh good catch we did this right before you left. I think i just forgot to commit. But well spotted.
